[DOCS] Adds security deprecation to 7.7 release notes (#96495)
elastic/kibana: docs/CHANGELOG.asciidoc

+
For all other installations, you must upgrade to 7.7.0. If you are unable to upgrade, set `metrics.enabled:false` in your kibana.yml file to disable TSVB.

[float]
[[deprecations-7.7.0]]
=== Deprecation

The following functionality is deprecated in 7.7.0, and will be removed in 8.0.0.
Deprecated functionality does not have an immediate impact on your application, but we strongly recommend
you make the necessary updates after you upgrade to 7.7.0.

[discrete]
[[deprecation-86474]]

> ==== Deprecates `xpack.security.authc.saml.realm`
> 
> *Details* +
> Deprecates the `xpack.security.authc.saml.realm` setting used for {kib} SAML authentication. For more information, refer to {kibana-pull}53010[#53010].
> 
> *Impact* +
> Use `xpack.security.authc.providers`.

Reviewer: __nit:__ would you mind adding deprecated OpenID Connect setting as well? Something like
```suggestion
==== Deprecates `xpack.security.authc.saml.realm` and `xpack.security.authc.oidc.realm`

*Details* +
Deprecates the `xpack.security.authc.saml.realm` and  `xpack.security.authc.oidc.realm` settings used for {kib} SAML and OpenID Connect authentication. For more information, refer to {kibana-pull}53010[#53010].

*Impact* +
Use `xpack.security.authc.providers.saml.<provider-name>.realm` and `xpack.security.authc.providers.oidc.<provider-name>.realm`.
```
